---
title: 2026-04-25 作业题目答案
published: 2026-04-25
description: Generated by github.com/xiaocaoooo/FuckSunntone (Exam ID: 2940599)
tags: ["作业答案"]
category: 作业答案
---

# 作业题目答案

> Generated by [github.com/xiaocaoooo/FuckSunntone](https://github.com/xiaocaoooo/FuckSunntone)

## 一、模仿朗读（共6分）

> 听以下对话或短文一遍，给你30秒钟的时间准备，然后模仿朗读。当听到“开始录音”的信号后，请在60秒钟内朗读对话或短文，当听到要求“停止录音”的信号时，应立即终止朗读。

### 第 1 题（6.00 分）

**题目**

> Students these days often have a lot of worries. Sometimes they have problems with their schoolwork, and sometimes with their friends. What can they do about this? Some people believe the worst thing is to do nothing. Laura Mills, a teenager from London, agrees. "Problems and worries are normal in life," says Laura. "But I think talking to someone helps a lot. Unless we talk to someone, we'll certainly feel worse." Robert Hunt advises students about common problems. He feels the same way as Laura. "It is best not to run away from our problems. We should always try to solve them." He thinks the first step is to find someone you trust to talk to. This person doesn't need to be an expert like himself.

**参考答案**

- Students these days often have a lot of worries. Sometimes they have problems with their schoolwork, and sometimes with their friends. What can they do about this? Some people believe the worst thing is to do nothing. Laura Mills, a teenager from London, agrees. "Problems and worries are normal in life," says Laura. "But I think talking to someone helps a lot. Unless we talk to someone, we'll certainly feel worse." Robert Hunt advises students about common problems. He feels the same way as Laura. "It is best not to run away from our problems. We should always try to solve them." He thinks the first step is to find someone you trust to talk to. This person doesn't need to be an expert like himself.


## 二、信息获取（共15分） / 第一节 听选信息（1.5×6=9分）

> 听三段对话或独白，每段播放两遍。各段播放前你有10秒钟的阅题时间。各段播放后有两个问题。请根据所听到的问题和括号内的提示，在8秒钟内选择正确的信息口头回答问题。

### 第 2 题（1.50 分）

**题目**

> 1. Who's the new history teacher?
> (May / Ms. Lin / Ms. Qiu)

**上下文**

1.
> 听下面一段对话，回答第1-2两个问题。现在你有10秒钟的阅题时间。

2.
> W: Who is the woman over there, Jack?
> M: Hi, May. You mean the one who's talking with Ms Lin? She's a new history teacher, Ms Qiu.
> W: Does she teach us?
> M: Yes. She teaches Class 3, Class 4, Class 5 and Class 6. Let's go and say hello to her.
> W: OK. Let's go.

**参考答案**

- Ms. Qiu.
- Ms. Qiu is the new history teacher.
- The new history teacher is Ms. Qiu.

### 第 3 题（1.50 分）

**题目**

> 2. How many classes does she teach?
> (four / five / six)

**上下文**

1.
> 听下面一段对话，回答第1-2两个问题。现在你有10秒钟的阅题时间。

2.
> W: Who is the woman over there, Jack?
> M: Hi, May. You mean the one who's talking with Ms Lin? She's a new history teacher, Ms Qiu.
> W: Does she teach us?
> M: Yes. She teaches Class 3, Class 4, Class 5 and Class 6. Let's go and say hello to her.
> W: OK. Let's go.

**参考答案**

- Four.
- Four classes.
- She teaches four classes.

### 第 4 题（1.50 分）

**题目**

> 3. What are they going to do on Saturday evening at Ben's birthday party?
>  (have a lot of delicious food and drink / watch some cartoons / have a barbecue)

**上下文**

1.
> 听下面一段对话，回答第3-4两个问题。现在你有10秒钟的阅题时间。

2.
> W: It's Ben's birthday on Saturday. I'm planning a party. Are you free on Saturday at three o'clock in the afternoon?
> M: Yes, I am. What are we going to do at the party?
> W: We're going to have a lot of delicious food and drink. We're going to watch some cartoons. We're going to have a barbecue in the evening.
> M: It sounds great! I'm looking forward to it.
> W: I'll see you on Saturday afternoon at a quarter to three at my flat.
> M: Yes, thanks. I'll see you then.

**参考答案**

- Have a barbecue.
- On Saturday evening they are going to have a barbecue.
- On Saturday evening they are going to have a barbecue at Ben's birthday party.
- On Saturday evening they are going to have a barbecue at his birthday party.
- On Saturday evening they will have a barbecue.
- On Saturday evening they will have a barbecue at Ben's birthday party.
- On Saturday evening they will have a barbecue at his birthday party.
- On Saturday evening they'll have a barbecue.
- On Saturday evening they'll have a barbecue at Ben's birthday party.
- On Saturday evening they'll have a barbecue at his birthday party.
- They are going to have a barbecue.
- They are going to have a barbecue on Saturday evening.
- They are going to have a barbecue on Saturday evening at Ben's birthday party.
- They are going to have a barbecue on Saturday evening at his birthday party.
- They will have a barbecue.
- They will have a barbecue on Saturday evening.
- They will have a barbecue on Saturday evening at Ben's birthday party.
- They will have a barbecue on Saturday evening at his birthday party.
- They'll have a barbecue.
- They'll have a barbecue on Saturday evening.
- They'll have a barbecue on Saturday evening at Ben's birthday party.
- They'll have a barbecue on Saturday evening at his birthday party.
- They're going to have a barbecue.
- They're going to have a barbecue on Saturday evening.
- They're going to have a barbecue on Saturday evening at Ben's birthday party.
- They're going to have a barbecue on Saturday evening at his birthday party.

### 第 5 题（1.50 分）

**题目**

> 4. When will they meet on Saturday afternoon?
> (at 2:45 / at 3:00 / at 3:15)

**上下文**

1.
> 听下面一段对话，回答第3-4两个问题。现在你有10秒钟的阅题时间。

2.
> W: It's Ben's birthday on Saturday. I'm planning a party. Are you free on Saturday at three o'clock in the afternoon?
> M: Yes, I am. What are we going to do at the party?
> W: We're going to have a lot of delicious food and drink. We're going to watch some cartoons. We're going to have a barbecue in the evening.
> M: It sounds great! I'm looking forward to it.
> W: I'll see you on Saturday afternoon at a quarter to three at my flat.
> M: Yes, thanks. I'll see you then.

**参考答案**

- At 2:45.
- They will meet at 2:45.
- They will meet at 2:45 on Saturday afternoon.
- At a quarter to three.
- They will meet at a quarter to three.
- They will meet at a quarter to three on Saturday afternoon.

### 第 6 题（1.50 分）

**题目**

> 5. How old will Tom's grandma be?
> (fifty / sixty / seventy)

**上下文**

1.
> 听下面一段对话，回答第5-6两个问题。现在你有10秒钟的阅题时间。

2.
> W: It's an important day tomorrow.
> M: Oh, I know. Is it Grandma's birthday, Mum?
> W: You're right, Tom. It will be Grandma's sixtieth birthday. We're going to have a big birthday party. All your uncles, aunts and cousins will come.
> M: Great. We'll have a good time. Are you going to make something special for the party, Mum?
> W: Yes, I'm going to make a nice big birthday cake. What about you, dear?
> M: I'm going to buy some red roses for Grandma. They're her favorite flowers.

**参考答案**

- Sixty.
- Sixty years old.
- She will be sixty.
- She will be sixty years old.
- His grandma will be sixty.
- His grandma will be sixty years old.
- Tom's grandma will be sixty.
- Tom's grandma will be sixty years old.

### 第 7 题（1.50 分）

**题目**

> 6. What is Tom going to do for his grandma?
>  (have a big birthday party / make a nice birthday cake / buy some flowers)

**上下文**

1.
> 听下面一段对话，回答第5-6两个问题。现在你有10秒钟的阅题时间。

2.
> W: It's an important day tomorrow.
> M: Oh, I know. Is it Grandma's birthday, Mum?
> W: You're right, Tom. It will be Grandma's sixtieth birthday. We're going to have a big birthday party. All your uncles, aunts and cousins will come.
> M: Great. We'll have a good time. Are you going to make something special for the party, Mum?
> W: Yes, I'm going to make a nice big birthday cake. What about you, dear?
> M: I'm going to buy some red roses for Grandma. They're her favorite flowers.

**参考答案**

- Buy some flowers.
- Buy some red roses.
- He is going to buy her some flowers.
- He is going to buy her some red roses.
- He is going to buy his grandma some flowers.
- He is going to buy his grandma some red roses.
- He is going to buy some flowers.
- He is going to buy some flowers for her.
- He is going to buy some flowers for his grandma.
- He is going to buy some red roses.
- He is going to buy some red roses for her.
- He is going to buy some red roses for his grandma.
- He will buy her some flowers.
- He will buy her some red roses.
- He will buy his grandma some flowers.
- He will buy his grandma some red roses.
- He will buy some flowers.
- He will buy some flowers for her.
- He will buy some flowers for his grandma.
- He will buy some red roses.
- He will buy some red roses for her.
- He will buy some red roses for his grandma.
- Tom is going to buy her some flowers.
- Tom is going to buy her some red roses.
- Tom is going to buy his grandma some flowers.
- Tom is going to buy his grandma some red roses.
- Tom is going to buy some flowers.
- Tom is going to buy some flowers for her.
- Tom is going to buy some flowers for his grandma.
- Tom is going to buy some red roses.
- Tom is going to buy some red roses for her.
- Tom is going to buy some red roses for his grandma.
- Tom will buy her some flowers.
- Tom will buy her some red roses.
- Tom will buy his grandma some flowers.
- Tom will buy his grandma some red roses.
- Tom will buy some flowers.
- Tom will buy some flowers for her.
- Tom will buy some flowers for his grandma.
- Tom will buy some red roses.
- Tom will buy some red roses for her.
- Tom will buy some red roses for his grandma.


## 第二节  回答问题 (1.5×4=6分)

> 听下面一段对话或独白，录音播放两遍。请根据所听内容回答第7-10四个问题。当听到“开始录音”的信号后，请在8秒钟内口头回答问题。

### 第 8 题（1.50 分）

**题目**

> 7. How often does Alice play badminton with her cousins?

**上下文**

1.
> 现在你有15秒钟的时间阅读这四个问题。

2.
> Alice is my good friend. We're in the same class. She often studies with me in the library on Saturday morning. She has two cousins. She usually plays badminton with them in the gym. They play badminton there three times a week. Now they're really good at it. On Sunday, we often do something together and have a great time. For example, we went climbing mountains last week. And next Sunday, we're going to Ocean Park. We will go there by underground. It will take us 30 minutes. We will get there at half past nine in the morning. I'm sure we will enjoy ourselves.

**参考答案**

- Three times a week.
- Three times every week.
- Alice plays badminton with her cousins three times a week.
- Alice plays badminton with her cousins three times every week.
- Alice plays badminton with them three times a week.
- Alice plays badminton with them three times every week.
- Alice plays it with her cousins three times a week.
- Alice plays it with her cousins three times every week.
- Alice plays it with them three times a week.
- Alice plays it with them three times every week.
- She plays badminton with her cousins three times a week.
- She plays badminton with her cousins three times every week.
- She plays badminton with them three times a week.
- She plays badminton with them three times every week.
- She plays it with her cousins three times a week.
- She plays it with her cousins three times every week.
- She plays it with them three times a week.
- She plays it with them three times every week.
- Three times a week, Alice plays badminton with her cousins.
- Three times a week, Alice plays badminton with them.
- Three times a week, Alice plays it with her cousins.
- Three times a week, Alice plays it with them.
- Three times a week, she plays badminton with her cousins.
- Three times a week, she plays badminton with them.
- Three times a week, she plays it with her cousins.
- Three times a week, she plays it with them.
- Three times every week, Alice plays badminton with her cousins.
- Three times every week, Alice plays badminton with them.
- Three times every week, Alice plays it with her cousins.
- Three times every week, Alice plays it with them.
- Three times every week, she plays badminton with her cousins.
- Three times every week, she plays badminton with them.
- Three times every week, she plays it with her cousins.
- Three times every week, she plays it with them.

### 第 9 题（1.50 分）

**题目**

> 8. What did they do last Sunday?

**上下文**

1.
> 现在你有15秒钟的时间阅读这四个问题。

2.
> Alice is my good friend. We're in the same class. She often studies with me in the library on Saturday morning. She has two cousins. She usually plays badminton with them in the gym. They play badminton there three times a week. Now they're really good at it. On Sunday, we often do something together and have a great time. For example, we went climbing mountains last week. And next Sunday, we're going to Ocean Park. We will go there by underground. It will take us 30 minutes. We will get there at half past nine in the morning. I'm sure we will enjoy ourselves.

**参考答案**

- They went climbing mountains.
- They went climbing mountains last Sunday.
- They climbed mountains.
- They climbed mountains last Sunday.
- Last Sunday they went climbing mountains.
- Last Sunday they climbed mountains.

### 第 10 题（1.50 分）

**题目**

> 9. How will they go to Ocean Park next Sunday?

**上下文**

1.
> 现在你有15秒钟的时间阅读这四个问题。

2.
> Alice is my good friend. We're in the same class. She often studies with me in the library on Saturday morning. She has two cousins. She usually plays badminton with them in the gym. They play badminton there three times a week. Now they're really good at it. On Sunday, we often do something together and have a great time. For example, we went climbing mountains last week. And next Sunday, we're going to Ocean Park. We will go there by underground. It will take us 30 minutes. We will get there at half past nine in the morning. I'm sure we will enjoy ourselves.

**参考答案**

- By underground.
- By subway.
- Take the underground.
- Take the subway.
- They will go there by underground.
- They will go there by subway.
- They'll go there by underground.
- They'll go there by subway.
- They will go to Ocean Park by underground.
- They will go to Ocean Park by subway.
- They'll go to Ocean Park by underground.
- They'll go to Ocean Park by subway.
- They will take the underground there.
- They will take the subway there.
- They'll take the underground there.
- They'll take the subway there.
- They will take the underground to Ocean Park.
- They will take the subway to Ocean Park.
- They'll take the underground to Ocean Park.
- They'll take the subway to Ocean Park.
- They are going there by underground.
- They are going there by subway.
- They're going there by underground.
- They're going there by subway.
- They are going to Ocean Park by underground.
- They are going to Ocean Park by subway.
- They're going to Ocean Park by underground.
- They're going to Ocean Park by subway.
- They are going to take the underground there.
- They are going to take the subway there.
- They're going to take the underground there.
- They're going to take the subway there.
- They are going to take the underground to Ocean Park.
- They are going to take the subway to Ocean Park.
- They're going to take the underground to Ocean Park.
- They're going to take the subway to Ocean Park.

### 第 11 题（1.50 分）

**题目**

> 10. How long will it take to get there?

**上下文**

1.
> 现在你有15秒钟的时间阅读这四个问题。

2.
> Alice is my good friend. We're in the same class. She often studies with me in the library on Saturday morning. She has two cousins. She usually plays badminton with them in the gym. They play badminton there three times a week. Now they're really good at it. On Sunday, we often do something together and have a great time. For example, we went climbing mountains last week. And next Sunday, we're going to Ocean Park. We will go there by underground. It will take us 30 minutes. We will get there at half past nine in the morning. I'm sure we will enjoy ourselves.

**参考答案**

- Thirty minutes.
- Half an hour.
- It will take thirty minutes.
- It will take thirty minutes to get there.
- It will take half an hour.
- It will take half an hour to get there.
- It will take them thirty minutes.
- It will take them thirty minutes to get there.
- It will take them half an hour.
- It will take them half an hour to get there.
- It'll take thirty minutes.
- It'll take thirty minutes to get there.
- It'll take half an hour.
- It'll take half an hour to get there.
- It'll take them thirty minutes.
- It'll take them thirty minutes to get there.
- It'll take them half an hour.
- It'll take them half an hour to get there.


## 三、信息转述及询问  (9分)

### 第 12 题（7.00 分）

**题目**

> 现在你有50秒钟的时间准备。你可以这样开始：
> Yu Ping has a pen pal ...

**上下文**

1.
> 第一节 信息转述（7分）
> 你将听到余平介绍他的笔友Mike，录音播放两遍。请根据所听到的内容，选择思维导图中的正确信息，在50秒钟内说一段话介绍Mike，包含五个要点的内容。
> 现在，你有15秒钟的时间阅读思维导图。

2.
> Hi, I am Yu Ping from Beijing, China. I have a pen pal and his name is Mike. I think he is the most interesting boy I know. He lives in New York with his parents. Both his parents like traveling and helping people in trouble. They often take Mike wherever they go. Mike is only 15 years old, but he's been to South America, Europe and Africa. In Africa, Mike's parents volunteered as teachers for one year in a school. Mike also studied there and played football with the boys after school every day. He took many photos of the children he met while traveling and made friends with them. He wants to volunteer like his parents to help people when he grows up.

**参考答案**

- Yu Ping has a pen pal. His name is Mike. He comes from New York. Mike is 15 years old. His parents like traveling and helping people in trouble. In Africa, Mike studied there and played football with the boys after school every day. He took many photos of the children he met while traveling and made friends with them. He wants to volunteer like his parents to help people.
- Yu Ping has a pen pal. His name is Mike. Yu Ping thinks Mike is the most interesting boy he knows. Mike lives in New York with his parents. Both his parents like traveling and helping people in trouble. They often take Mike wherever they go. Mike is only 15 years old, but he's been to South America, Europe and Africa. In Africa, Mike's parents volunteered as teachers for one year in a school. Mike also studied there and played football with the boys after school every day. He took many photos of the children he met while traveling and made friends with them. He wants to volunteer like his parents to help people when he grows up.
- Yu Ping has a pen pal. His name is Mike. Mike comes from New York, America. He is 15 years old. His parents like traveling and helping others. In Africa, Mike studied and played football. His dream is to volunteer like his parents to help people.
- Yu Ping has a pen pal, Mike. Mike is from New York, America. His parents like traveling and helping others. In Africa, Mike's parents volunteered in a school. Mike studied and played football there. Mike's dream is to volunteer like his parents.

### 第 13 题（1.00 分）

**题目**

> 请你准备第一个问题。
> 11. Mike接下来准备去哪个国家？

**参考答案**

- Which country will Mike go to next?
- Which country will Mike go to visit next?
- Which country will Mike go to see next?
- Which country will Mike go to next, Yu Ping?
- Which country will Mike go to visit next, Yu Ping?
- Which country will Mike go to see next, Yu Ping?
- Which country is Mike going to next?
- Which country is Mike going to visit next?
- Which country is Mike going to see next?
- Which country is Mike going to next, Yu Ping?
- Which country is Mike going to visit next, Yu Ping?
- Which country is Mike going to see next, Yu Ping?
- Yu Ping, which country will Mike go to next?
- Yu Ping, which country will Mike go to visit next?
- Yu Ping, which country will Mike go to see next?
- Yu Ping, which country is Mike going to next?
- Yu Ping, which country is Mike going to visit next?
- Yu Ping, which country is Mike going to see next?

### 第 14 题（1.00 分）

**题目**

> 请你准备第二个问题。
> 12. Mike准备什么时候来中国？

**参考答案**

- When will Mike come to China?
- When will Mike come to China, Yu Ping?
- When is Mike coming to China?
- When is Mike coming to China, Yu Ping?
- Yu Ping, when will Mike come to China?
- Yu Ping, when is Mike coming to China?
